there  was a time when the young turks really boasted
how  little money
how  little
new  organs
how  little it costs
example
with  just six other full time the wars of staff and a monthly budget of only forty five thousand
what
if  you guys can remember the spirit of two thousand eleven not just
the  details here you might not remember how little their budget was
you  may well number also that in those days they openly joked about and posted about how
little  effort they put into their
they  would say that they just read a newspaper briefly
the  commercial breaks and then the comment on the particular article
they  would
openly  referred to the fact that they may be taken minutes putting a story together by just comparing something
that  was in the new york times and may be one other source like the
and  then come on camera and have a casual conversation but that was all they did
there  were none of these sort of anguished
being  a guiding light in the darkness
the  mail become the dominant tone of their news broke
because  they're trying to just
relatively  astronomical budget i'm sure you would notice on screen
before  their total budget was only
today
they're  trying to collect two thousand dollars a month in donation
and  that is not their only source of revenue that's two hundred thousand dollars a month
in  addition to the money that their earning from tube itself
marion  from selling the
from  regular subscriptions right regular subscriptions are in part of the
we  don't know how much money
collecting  for we don't know how much money they're spending for recluse paradoxical
it
is  not a charity
private  for profit business and this is always impart of the paradox of what they
did  cantigas in some ways a refreshing voice in the left because he transitioned
from  being a conservative
this  is well known he talks but all the time you know
some  of our prejudices
built  into the english language it
if  i say to you a conservative
what  does that
if  i say to you a liberal stem
what  does that mean bill into the english language is the assumption that liberals waste
money  a conservation efficient with the use of money and genuine
when  he first came over to the left he still kind of had that air about he was really boasting that
whereas  an
the  main stream new media they wasted hundreds of thousands of dollars per episode
or  hundreds of thousands of dollars for months and project he was going to compete with them spending far
less  money and you know that he had a kind of
conservative  tone to it that rhetoric
an  interesting note the left wing press got a little bit excited they were spared
was  the little network that could with a puny budget
another  article this time from way back in
do  you write was serious radios first original program
and  arrangement that but you thousands provided this regatta operating budget of two hundred and
fifty  thousand dols
they  decided
break  away
the  gamble paid off within a year putting the deal with serious revenue reached the two hundred fifty thousand
or
with  operating cost of thirty five thousand dollars a
i  will tiempos in rent that is a lean and modestly profitable
how  did we get
how  do we get to the point where we have
to
the  million dollar donation
right  what you have on screen there is the contrast
between  the two million dollar fund raising drive that was success
they  succeeded in getting two million dollars and donations above and beyond revenue
and  we're just supposing that
to  the amusement that they raised when the noon or
venture  capital
let  me talk to you but a very simple problem without in a private for profit
company
for  donations
they  have to pay back the loan
these  venture capital finding
with  interest and a prose
when  they asked you to donate money
quite  possible that what percent of your donation
go  to
invest
and  that would be true of any private for
many  people love the wall is empty the how kind of affection
but  it's not a charity
if  the world is company asked you now for donations to help the company do well during a
difficult  time the
many  people would donate my thinkably they would rather donate money to work
this  key than donate to
the  christian church
they  get a lot more entertainment value out of his
as
there  are people who would do it but it would be the role of
responsible  so reminds the ourselves a weighty weight think of it where that money is going
what  is he as investors will dishes to pay dividends on
if  you don't eat money to what this need you are donating to profit somebody else
who  was an owner
very  fundamental problem the many private for
she  can imagine what if the young turks is trying to prove to the
venture  capitalists that they can be profitable when their twenty million dollars
in  debt one when they accepted the
they  can turn around and raise two million dollars
any  time they asked for it that's one hell of a
the  problem is
not
you  said a few months ago the two it is doing great and the few days ago were crying about to itemize
and  people need to give their money to
some  people just a few
started  to lose patience
nearing  poor
we  hear it every day if i have the patience to listen to do it
every
he  used to lie down
right  now there is no
do  you yet this is from a journalist quoted the bottom left
do  you want to raise two million dollars
individual  the nations by fear now of course a reality was more than that
that  was just one campaign that was woven dry to get to ancient there was one with a
two  going out are and they're doing it again now another towel all right he
has  to miners last year to hire a bunch of journalists that left within a few months
after  promising to create a substantive network for recording that still doesn't
more  recording less
is  a very interesting story to look into is what a
after  their last
in  fund raising a
just  been listening
to  sit on and off for three or five years you'll know there was no change
in  quality there was no improve
in  what they are you know producing there was too visible increase in the number of staff
and  one by one each of the journal
very  briefly added to their list of personalities on a
or  fired sometimes with a scant
sometimes  with it
very  very hard to see any traits of where those two million dollars
here's  a promise for you don't eat one dollar and so it gets too don't attend dollars and to mitigate
do  exist to attitudes well they're suggesting that if you don't
double  strong campaign
and  up
twice  as much money as the promising here's here's a real sense
no
we  understand that these are precarious financial times for many but if you can afford to contribute
any  anheuser to injure you this long term for is just ability why
can't  they go back to operate
a  thousand
what  is it that happens
what  is it that went wrong in the midst of all this success that they used
to  be profitable and stable at forty five thousand dollars a month total costs
and  nail they can't even stay in business with two hundred thousand dollars a
durations
all  the cervantes well it's interesting case where i think they were cursed by
quote  the unsureness with training in the past and two thousand thirteen the interposed
an  indigo campaign to raise money for a new study
with  an initial goal of a quarter of a million dollars that now were ultimately raised more than four
hundred  thousand dollars
state  of the art studio and newsroom in covert california that is a
suburb  of
i  think i see the problem here i say with all the sympathy that may be one of the unforeseen con
was  that the relocated into
expensive  part of
to  survive in
where  they had
ay  that was
the  outcomes of the twilit change found rather are again very
very  diffy
the  thousand dollars supposedly donated
a  hole of
never
they  ended up vaguely promising that instead because they wouldn't actually hold this
they  would hire a new full time climate change reporter as with all the other promises
new  staff
just  been watching the show on a
time
very  very difficult
and
the
one  and the currently they're saying they need to honors a month just to stay afloat
so
reasonable  to suppose that rather than real
for  new employees new programs new initiative or new events
this  money is just
organization
ended  up fretting water and much much too
very  very difficult
to  keep any of these budgets strike to keep any of these fundraiser the they're doing it now
and  again and
and  along with the shift from being prideful about how low their
budget  was how efficient the
notion  of themselves being a multi million dollar organization
we  get this over the top rhetoric about how they're the guiding light
the  fate of the united
they  can
so  on and so forth now another aspect of the story it's very close to my
you  can find the embarrassing details in this case and
because  we are talking about on a
the  creation the rise and the fall
he  heard of wolf back well fact was really the political wind
what  the young terms as
peace  is political to
of  red
because  of the support of an eager himself of the young
they  now have any
and  you will budget
salaries  four hundred and thirty four thousand
just  on salary
for  lack this is entirely
i  don't i don't think wolf pack is
significant
out  of selling t shirts and
and  when you look at the list of what is they do there are a lot of conspiracy there is
but  long story short the
expected
as  a pace as this type of british
most  of their money on contributions
contributions  to state and local and
instead  there were
crumbs
i  for one line
instead
all
so
the
travel  and lodging
count
even  for unclassifiable printing
yeah  and of course the cost
so  we have a recurring pattern here i think the part of what may canker and interesting
and  dynamic figure on the left we
was  precisely that he had made the transition from the
and  being a
the  overall mood and spirit of what the young turks were trying to do ten years ago
i  think it actually did reflect
he
conservative  attitude and if i say to you
conservative
if  i see you illiberal budget
i  say lil allowances
i  was fascinating to find just to day that in the chinese language that have the same
the  word is used to be politically conservative and chinese also mean victorine with your money those
aspect  of hogans and it was aspect of what tithes supposed to be that
was  actually celebrated was sobrante by them they were proud of it and celebrated as a joshua
newspaper  articles being wide
and  i think that many people feel confident to donate a little bit of money knowing that they only needed
a
what  happened over the years over approximately ten
was  that they got used to they got reliant
very  liberal budget
care  about this issue sincerely and i think it really matters not your short term but
i  said to my mother a couple of weeks
in  the past any one could have said
that  the world is the corporation which
fall  apart break up or be facing lots
years  ago some one could have said peculiarly you know there's nothing special but the wall is corporation
they've  got a cartoon mouse but any one can draw another cartoon mouse
they've  got a theme park any one consider a new theme park really in the future the wall
disney  company is just going to be one small company by many all competing
but  that's not what's happen
in  fact the cultural and even political dominance of the disney corporation is
now  difficult to fathom its easy to have a sort of dismissive attitude
any  one can buy a laptop
video  came
start  to
it  would be just as ridiculous to say that any one can buy a web development it
and  set up the next face boo
hector's  going to lose its marketable that any one can set up a company like amazon
by  and large would happen to
that  whoever manages to occupy
unbelievable  power privilege it is of that basis just because
they  are the company or they are the
doesn't  always work that way no face book managed to do better than
however  to day few to start a new company and do even as well as my face let alone face book is
impossible  because that market is led
from  my perspective there in an incredibly influential
and  they're likely to re
in  this pejorative sense of the word liberal
the  liberal tendency has eroded one of the most fundamental characteristics
what  it was meteorological
in  your estortuaire
service  securities wariness in good time
washington  was made seemingly federation
which  you would to you do you do dissertation your life you enjoy it
and  ceremonies is a worthy you guy will can do it do and be the best that you can
be  and we can titanotheres patient it's gianbattista
ethiopian  is in the government at totalitarian
isleworth  socially any